right. Um, the differences between us and the other branches are for one.
I think our culture, um, a big day for me, especially when I joined,
was the fact that if you join the Navy nine times out of 10 you'll
be around some form of water and, uh, unlike being an air force
of the Army or the Marines, I didn't want to be anywhere near the desert
or anywhere near like a bunch of just like nature. I didn't want
to sleep after sleep out in the field. I rather sleep in a little
cot on the ship at the bottom of the ship, as opposed to sleeping out
in the desert. So I would say those are like two of the big things
is just the locations that you're operating in and the climate and
environment operating in, and just the culture of being a sailor. Um,
being on their side, you can kind of notice like a definitely a rah
rah, you know, mentality out of the say, the Marines and the Army
And the Air Force is more like laid back, like we're kind of casual
on the neighbors, just kind of like in the middle, you know,